Febreezy
Deodorizer?
Um, Yamada-san?
Do I...
Um, how do I put this?
Actually, never mind.
With the bag, your total
comes to 1,563 yen.
Right.
It's not something I can ask
someone who's on the clock.
Here's your change and receipt.
Thank you for shopping with us.
Thank you.
Shit Workplace
Shit workplace,
Power-Drunk Boss
shit boss.
Deodorizer
Now, deodorizer.
Question
And a question on the tip of his tongue.
I think I've got it.
Sasaki-san.
Did somebody say you reeked of cigarettes?
Are you a mind reader, Tayama-san?
Compared to you, everybody else
is somewhat of a mind reader.
I just saw you picking up
deodorizer in there.
From where?
Hey, it's not a lie.
Anyway, you're right.
My boss hates the concept of smoking.
He yelled at me, saying,
"You reek! Do something about it!"
Wow, I hit the bull's-eye.
Well, it's the fate of all
smokers everywhere.
If you brush your teeth after you smoke,
you'll get rid of most of the stench.
Then just spray your clothes,
and you're good to go.
But sometimes...
you get the whiners
like I did the other... day?
You're incredible, Tayama-san!
It's so cool that you know all this!
Eh, I'm just passing on a senpai's advice.
But you're the one who told me.
Sasaki-san, shake.
Huh? O-Okay?
Wait, "shake"? Tayama-san?
For you.
It's the deodorizing mist I use.
It looks expensive. Are you sure?
No biggie. It's half-empty,
and I have more at home.
Thank you. This is so fancy.
As long as you don't go overboard,
nobody at work will notice the scent.
Do you like how it smells?
What scent is it?
Wanna check?
I usually spray it
around here, so feel free.
I'm not going to sniff you!
Aw, I thought you'd go for it.
Tayama-san, do you see me
as a dog or something?
A Labrador retriever, maybe?
Huh? Wh-What's that?
A dog breed.
So I was right!
Genki Trading
Now I just spray this.
Wait... She said not to go overboard,
but how much is the normal amount?
It's easy to tell with my
usual deodorizing sprays.
Wow, somebody's fashionable.
Whoa! Suzuki?
Telling us smokers we reek is basically
the chief's way of saying good morning!
Don't take it so seriously, man!
But just think about it.
Brush your teeth after you smoke
and apply some of this mist,
and voilà, you've got your scent care
down pat, or so I've heard.
Heard? From whom?
No smoking
in the restroom
Huh? Uh, well...
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Tayama-san [Tayama] (Name)
Supermarket worker I smoke with
(section unknown). She teases me
but is in general very nice.
Just you try introducing me.
Take that.
That's cold! What the hell was that for?!
Wow, that smells great!
If you go home smelling so good,
your wife'll fall in love
with you all over again!
Don't be stupid. Keiko-chan's
already head over heels for me.
But I don't particularly mind
if she moves up to the next stage of love!
Tell me more, buddy.
Like I said, brush your teeth
and use a mist.
Just like this.
24-Hour
Supermarket S
Welcome!
Here's your change and receipt.
Thank you.
Huh?
Sasaki-san, you kind of smell
like Tayama-chan today.
No! That's just because...
Gah! I'm so embarrassed!
Oh, I got this mist from her
the other day,
but I didn't get to ask her
how much of it to use.
I guess I used too much today.
S-Sorry about that! Thank you!
Yamada-chan, you can clock out.
Are you okay? Did something happen?
No...
I just wanted to tease a little, but...
That reaction actually made me blush, too.
I owe Master Tayama big time.
Etiquette Master
I hope she'll like my return gift.
Tayama-san, good even...
Huh?
What?!
A-A-A different employee?!
Translation: Sriram Gurunathan
Editing & Typesetting: Geoff Mazzolini
Subtitle Timing: Krzysztof Kunc
Quality Check: Zachary Carlysle
Translation Check: Sho Stifler